(Ignis)
Previously on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS"...
(Zaizen)
I have confirmation, Bishop.
It appears the Ignis
is lurking somewhere
within
the network system.
(Bishop)
We finally have
a lead to the Cyberse.
The source that
generated new data material
to grow SOL Technologies'
virtual world,
or it used to.
Until that Ignis,
that rogue AI program,
hid the Cyberse from us
five years ago.
Without the Cyberse,
our network is
slowly deteriorating.
We find the Ignis
and we find
the Cyberse.
(Yusaku)
If we capture this AI
before anyone else,
instead of having to search
for the Knights of Hanoi,
I can lure them to me.
Initiating backdoor pathway!
(Ignis)
Woo-hoo!
It's my lucky day!
(computerized chirping)
(Ignis)
Whoa!
You must be
the AI everyone wants.
There's the Hanoi!
I'm going!
(Ignis)
Going where?
It's time to link into
the VRAINS!
(Knight of Hanoi 10)
You dare interfere,
punk?
My name is Playmaker.
And I have what you're
looking for right here.
(Knight of Hanoi 10)
That really is the Ignis!
Good.
(Ignis)
Cyberse, generate
new data material!
Ready to Speed Duel?
If you want to win,
seize the wind, Playmaker!
♪♪♪
That is the Ignis.
Why does he have it?
♪♪♪
(Ignis)
Whoa... whoa!
Are you trying to
make me surf sick?
Don't wipe out before
the Speed Duel starts!
Whoa!
Interesting.
I've never felt
such speed.
(Ignis)
Hey, buddy, this is your first
time Speed Duelin', right?
Bet ya don't know
the differences between this
and a regular duel!
Then why
don't you tell me?
Uh, you could say
"please."
It would please me if you
tell me the differences.
(Ignis)
Ugh... fine.
First off, the playing field
is different.
You can only have up to
three monsters
instead of five.
Same with spells
and traps.
Just three.
(Playmaker)
Why do I already know this?
(Ignis)
Plus, you start with
four cards in your hand
instead of five.
I see, so the rules
have been simplified.
Yup.
Perfect for you.
♪♪♪
(Hanoi Knight)
I got you in my sights!
And I aim on taking
you down!
(Ignis)
He looks pretty scary.
But lucky for you, Playmaker,
I am willing to lend you
my assistance.
I don't need
your help.
(Ignis)
Look, hate to break it to ya,
but my superior programming
makes me a dueling genius.
Well then, it'd be smart
if you simmer down.
(Ignis)
Have it your way.
Ready?
Let's Speed Duel!
That showoff!
He's hogging
the spotlight!
♪♪♪
(crowd murmuring)
Is he surfing the wind?
Sure does look
like it, mon frère.
For real?!
That's nuts!
(woman)
They're riding the wind.
(man)
That looks dangerous!
And tons of fun!
(woman)
I hope they don't fall off!
(man)
I've never seen
anything like it.
Wow.
I wish I was up there.
(Kolter)
Win this, Yusaku.
All right, I'll make
the first move.
What a perfect hand.
This duel is already
over, Playmaker!
To start things off,
I summon Hack Worm!
I can automatically
summon it
when you
have no monsters.
Good thing I got
to go first.
I see it only has
400 attack points
and that must mean that
you're up to something.
That's right!
Because I'm bringing out
a second Hack Worm!
(Ignis)
Oh boy, oh boy!
With double the monsters,
that masked freakazoid
has bazillions
and gazillions of options,
each one worse
than the last!
Playmaker!
I told you you should have
never challenged me.
I tribute my two Hack Worms
to summon my
mightiest monster!
Now arise!
Cracking Dragon!
How do you like that,
Playmaker?
(Ignis)
Aw, glitch!
That's the worst
option of all!
(Playmaker)
He already has a monster
with 3,000 attack points.
What can I do?
(Ignis)
Uh, Playmaker...
Not now!
(Ignis)
Oh, so you wanna crash?
(gasping)
♪♪♪
(Ignis)
You gotta stay alert.
In a Speed Duel, the duel itself
is only part of the challenge.
If you crash and burn
in this virtual world,
you'll actually suffer in
the real world too.
Your mind
many never recover.
Well, then that's
a risk I'm willing to take
because I have to
win this duel
no matter what the cost.
(Ignis)
Ooh, gutsy!
But good luck beating
that thing.
(Playmaker)
He's right.
It all depends on this draw.
(Playmaker)
This draw is make-or-break!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Perfect.
(Ignis)
Ooh, whatcha get, whatcha get?
Quiet down.
I place two cards
facedown.
Then I summon...
... Cyberse Wizard!
A Cyberse monster?
They haven't been
seen in ages!
How is Playmaker able to
summon a Cyberse monster?
I thought we successfully
eliminated them all.
(woman)
Cyberse-Type?
I've never heard of
that type before.
(man)
Maybe it's a glitch
in the system.
Well, aren't you
full of surprises.
Big deal.
Your monster's already
much weaker
than my Cracking Dragon.
And I'll make it
even weaker!
Cracking Dragon lowers
Cyberse Wizard's attack points
by 200 for each of
its Levels!
And you take damage
equal to that amount!
Crack him!
Sure, you may have greatly
weakened my monster...
but Cyberse Wizard
has other tricks!
He can switch your dragon
from attack to defense!
Cyberse Algorithm!
Your dragon
may be strong offensively,
but it has no defense.
Ha!
Furthermore, when my
Cyberse attacks,
he can deal you damage
even if your monster's
in defense mode!
Attack!
Illusion Spike!
No way!
Playmaker beat that dragon
as if it was nothin'!
Or... maybe not.
Only a monster with
a higher Level
can destroy
Cracking Dragon!
(Ignis)
What?
I didn't know that!
Maybe my program has some
run-time errors.
♪♪♪
Fascinating.
(Ignis)
Uh, you don't seem so shocked.
I'm not.
When I activated
Cyberse Wizard's effect
he didn't look worried.
And I knew then
that something was up.
(Ignis)
Look worried?
How could you tell?
Half his face
is covered up!
That's why you're
just a program.
I end my turn,
so Cyberse Wizard
regains his attack points.
So a monster's gotta be
at least a whopping Level 9
to even get a chance to
destroy that dragon?
Wonder who
programmed that thing!
The Hanoi are a bunch of no-good
cheating cheaters!
It's my turn.
And since we're battling
in a Speed Duel,
I am now allowed
to activate my Skill!
A Skill?
(Ignis)
Oh yeah.
I would've told ya if you
weren't so for rude.
For an AI that's self-aware,
you don't seem to be
aware that I can
erase you anytime I want.
(Ignis)
Okay, fine!
During a Speed Duel,
you're allowed to use
a special ability called
a Skill once per duel.
Some Skills
give you more cards,
others raise your
life points.
There's as many types as
transistors on a microchip,
but I know them all!
I activate my Skill
Double Draw
to draw two cards!
No way!
(Ignis)
I never heard of
that Skill!
The Hanoi must
have created it!
If your chances were
slim before,
with these two cards,
you have no chance at all!
I activate
the spell DDoS Attack!
That lets me send two more
copies of DDoS Attack
from my deck
to the graveyard.
And you'll now take
800 points of damage
for each copy of that
card in my graveyard
for a grand total of
1,600 points.
(Ignis)
I'm too beautiful to go splat!
(gasping)
All right, Playmaker,
guess that makes us even.
(Shima)
Nice save, Playmaker!
Now don't wipe out,
wipe your
opponent out instead
and save LINK VRAINS
for all of us!
(Ignis)
Sheesh!
Keep your head on a swivel!
The concrete's no cushion,
even in virtual reality!
Lucky you had
a guardian angel,
but she can't save
you from this.
Wait!
What's that ahead?
♪♪♪
(Playmaker)
What is that?
(Ignis)
That's the eye of
the Data Storm!
And, boy, can it rip us
into bits and bytes!
So you're saying
we should avoid it.
(Ignis)
Well, maybe.
Forget the storm,
you should worry
more about me!
I place this facedown
and switch Cracking Dragon
to attack mode!
Then I equip this
spell on Cracking Dragon!
Air Cracking Storm!
Now when my dragon
destroys your monster,
my dragon can attack
you again!
(Ignis)
If he destroys your Wizard,
the second attack
will eliminate
the rest of
your life points!
I know that.
You never
stood a chance.
Just be happy you
lasted this long.
Attack!
And never
bother us again!
I activate my trap!
Three Strikes Barrier!
My monster cannot be
destroyed in battle!
But it doesn't protect
you from damage!
(Ignis)
Switch to the other wave!
And with that,
our duel is now over.
You're wrong!
I still have
life points left!
Your life points
don't matter.
Not in this Speed Duel.
How could you be so dumb
to switch to the wave
directly in front
of the Data Storm?
(laughing maniacally)
(yelling)
(gasping)
It's GG for Playmaker!
(Kolter)
No!
Yusaku!
(yelling)
(grunting)
You led me
into this Data Storm
on purpose,
didn't you?
(Ignis)
Um, yup.
But why?
You said this storm
will rip us up.
(Ignis)
No, I said "can,"
not "will."
Big difference.
But I have
a good reason why.
And what's that?
(Ignis)
There are special monsters
that only live inside
the Data Storm.
What do you mean,
special monsters?
(Ignis)
Monsters that you
and only you can summon
with your unique
Skill!
And the more
intense the Storm,
the stronger the monster!
Which you'll need if you
wanna beat that hoodlum.
Your Skill lets you draw one
random card in the Data Storm
when you have a thousand
or fewer life points.
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
(grunting)
Come on,
don't break down!
I don't know
about you--
and I don't really care--
but I don't wanna be
digitized to kilobits!
♪♪♪
(Ignis)
I don't know about you--
and I don't really care--
but I don't wanna be
digitized to kilobits!
Just calm yourself.
I have three reasons
why I cannot
and will not be defeated.
One: I must uncover
the truth about my past.
Two: I must free Kolter's
brother from the darkness
that haunts him.
And three: I must absolutely
save the one who saved me!
(boy)
Hey, you.
(Ignis)
You did it!
Go, Storm Access!
What?
No one's ever escaped
from the eye of the storm!
There's a first time
for everything.
It's my turn.
I draw!
Go, Cyberse Wizard!
Cyberse Algorithm!
Your monster switches
to defense mode!
This changes nothing!
I activate my trap!
Pulse Mines!
Your monster switches
to defense as well,
so you can't attack!
Oh really.
Then I summon
Stack Reviver.
Summon all
the monsters you want
because Pulse Mines
will keep switching
them to defense!
And in fact,
summoning that monster
has sealed my victory,
you fool.
Because Cracking Dragon
will now deal you
400 points of damage
and 400 is all
you have left!
It's game over.
No way!
You're alive?
Of course.
It seems that
I know more about your
Cracking Dragon's abilities
than you do.
It deals me damage
equal to the amount of
attack points
Stack Reviver lost.
But this gizmo only
has 100 attack points,
so I only lost 100 life points,
keeping me
in this duel
and keeping victory
away from you.
Hmm...
But you still won't win
because you're just
focusing on defense!
You should probably stop
making assumptions.
I activate the spell card
Effect Cowl from my hand.
Since I have
a Cyberse on my field,
your effects can no longer
deal me damage!
And next I play...
my trap
Cyberse Beacon!
Since I took damage,
this Beacon calls out
a Cyberse from my deck
straight to my hand.
Which I immediately
summon to my field!
With Backup Secretary, I have
three monsters on my side!
(Hanoi Knight chuckling)
Three would be
greater than one,
if my one wasn't so much
more powerful
than all your monsters!
Then in that case,
I'll have my monsters
unite and fight.
Say what?
Here I go!
Create the ultimate circuit!
Link Arrows authorized!
The summoning conditions
are at least
two Effect Monsters!
I set Stack Reviver,
Cyberse Wizard
and Backup Secretary
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon
Link 3, Decode Talker!
I promise that this
Link Monster
is unlike any creature
you've ever
seen in your life!
(Hanoi Knight)
But how?
How can this be?
(Ignis)
You mastered Storm Access
and Link Summoning already?
Not bad for a fleshy meatbag.
Here's what makes
Link Monsters different!
Link Monsters don't
have Levels
and can't be put
in defense mode!
Which means
your cards' effects
don't work against
Decode Talker!
Next, I activate
Stack Reviver's ability!
It revives Cyberse Wizard
from my graveyard!
My Decode Talker
gains 500 attack points
for every monster
it's linked to.
Power Integration!
Now way,
3,300 attack points?
Decode Talker!
Attack!
And with Cyberse Wizard's
help...
Decode Talker
can deal you damage
even if your monster's
in defense mode!
Decode Destruction!
Hold on!
Cracking Dragon can't be
destroyed by a monster
with a lower Level.
Oh, wait!
He said Link Monsters
don't have Levels!
(yelling)
A thug like you has
no place in LINK VRAINS!